Compatible environments
For best results when viewing this document, we recommend the following environments.
When using a computer
– Microsoft Windows Internet Explorer 9 or later
– Firefox, latest version
– Google Chrome, latest version
– Safari 5.0 or later
When using a mobile device
– iOS 10.0 and later
– Android 5.0 and later
Note:
R Internet Explorer 8 and earlier versions are not supported.
R Some content may not be displayed properly when using Android 4.0.
Terms used in this document
R The access point supports microSD, microSDHC, and microSDXC memory cards. In this document,
the term “SD card” is used as a generic term for any of the supported cards.
Trademarks
R Apple, iPad, iPad Air, iPhone, and Safari are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.
R Amazon, Echo Show, Alexa, Echo Spot, Fire and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc.
or its affiliates.
R Android, Google Play, and Google Home are trademarks of Google LLC.
R The Bluetooth word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc., and any
use of such marks by Panasonic Corporation is under license.
R Firefox is a trademark of the Mozilla Foundation in the US and other countries.
R microSDHC and microSDXC Logos are trademarks of SD-3C, LLC.
R Microsoft, Windows, and Internet Explorer are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft
Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
R All other trademarks identified herein are the property of their respective owners.
Other information
R The suffix is omitted from most model numbers listed in this document. It is included only when
relevant.
R Screen shots and icons that appear in this document are for reference only. Actual appearance varies
depending on your mobile device, its operating system and display language, the devices that are
registered to the access point, the current status of the access point and its connected devices, etc.
R Illustrations in this document may vary from the appearance of the actual product.
R Design and specifications are subject to change without notice.
197
About this document
