K
Enables/disables privacy mode for the camera
( “Turning the privacy mode on and off”,
Page 52)
L
Hides/displays the buttons on the bottom of
the screen
Tap 
 to hide the buttons and 
 to
display the buttons.
Note:
R Multiple mobile devices can view live images from the same camera at the same time ( “Accessing
from multiple mobile devices”, Page 26). However, only one mobile device can use certain features at
a time (talking to the camera, etc.).
R When connected away from home, 
 or 
 is displayed next to the camera’s name. See
“Connection mode when away from home”, Page 24 for more information.
R When displaying images while away from home, the app will disconnect from the camera after a
certain period of time in some conditions. This is to minimize data usage. If you are disconnected
automatically, a dialog is displayed asking if you want to connect to the camera again. The time out
period cannot be changed.
Turning the camera audio on and off
Tap the icon to select the desired setting while viewing live images from a camera.
: Camera audio will be heard
: Camera audio will not be heard
Turning the privacy mode on and off
Tap the icon to select the desired setting while viewing live images from a camera.
When privacy mode is enabled, images and audio from the camera are unavailable and operations such
as recording images and talking with the camera cannot be performed. This is useful when you are at
home and don’t want other people to be able to watch you with the camera.
: The privacy mode is enabled
: The privacy mode is disabled
Viewing images horizontally
By turning your mobile device on its side, you can display camera images horizontally.
When viewing images horizontally, icons for operating the camera (e.g., recording, talking, etc.) are not
displayed. To display these icons, tap anywhere on the camera image.
Zooming in and out
Pinch in and out on the camera image while viewing live images from a camera. While zoomed in, you
can swipe your finger on the camera image to display a different area of the image.
Using night vision
If there is not adequate light to illuminate the subject, such as at night, the camera switches to night
vision mode depending on the settings (see  “Using night vision (shelf cameras and floor cameras only)”,
Page 111).
52
Using a shelf, floor, and window camera
