3
Make sure your HD camera can connect to your wireless router.
→Disconnect the HD camera’s AC adaptor, connect it again, and wait for the camera to start up. If
the camera’s LED indicator remains blinking in white after a few minutes, the camera is not
connected to your wireless router.
In this case, set up the HD camera again by following the initial setup procedure (see  “Setting up
the HD camera”, Page 149).
In this case, deregister the HD camera from your mobile device ( “Deregistering HD cameras”,
Page 42), and then register it again ( “Registering HD cameras”, Page 34).
4
Make sure your mobile device can connect to your shelf camera, floor camera, or window camera
while you are at home.
→Check your mobile device’s wireless network settings and confirm that it is connected to your
wireless router.
Next, use the [HomeHawk] app to connect to the camera, and confirm that 
 or 
 are not
displayed in the live camera image screen (shelf camera:  “Viewing the live camera image screen”,
Page 50, floor camera:  “Viewing the live camera image screen”, Page 72, window camera:
“Viewing the live camera image screen”, Page 95), camera image/recording list screen (shelf
camera:  “Viewing the camera image/recording list screen”, Page 49, floor camera:  “Viewing the
camera image/recording list screen”, Page 71, window camera:  “Viewing the camera image/
recording list screen”, Page 94), or playback screen (shelf camera:  “Playing back recordings”,
Page 56, floor camera:  “Playing back recordings”, Page 78, window camera:  “Playing back
recordings”, Page 100).
5
Make sure your mobile device can connect to your access point while you are at home.
→Check your mobile device’s wireless network settings and confirm that it is connected to your
wireless router.
Next, use the [HomeHawk] app to connect to the access point, and confirm that 
 or 
are not displayed in the live camera image screen ( “Viewing the live camera image screen”,
Page 125), camera image/recording list screen ( “Viewing the camera image/recording list screen”,
Page 123), or playback screen ( “Playing back recordings”, Page 130).
6
Make sure your mobile device can connect to your HD camera while you are at home.
→Check your mobile device’s wireless network settings and confirm that it is connected to your
wireless router.
Next, use the [HomeHawk] app to connect to the camera.
7
Make sure your front door camera or outdoor camera is registered to the access point. Register them
if they are not ( “Registering front door cameras and outdoor cameras”, Page 34).
→Check the home screen ( “Front door camera and outdoor camera home screen”, Page 24) or
camera image/recording screen ( “Viewing the camera image/recording list screen”, Page 123). If
a camera is displayed, it is registered; if it is not displayed, it is not registered.
8
Make sure your shelf camera, floor camera, or window camera have adequate signal strength.
→Check the signal strength ( “Camera signal strength”, Page 109) and move cameras closer to the
wireless router if necessary.
9
Make sure your front door camera or outdoor camera has adequate signal strength.
→Check the signal strength ( “Camera signal strength”, Page 136) and move devices closer to the
access point if necessary.
Date and time settings
Make sure the date and time settings for the devices are correct.
If the time is incorrect, adjust the time with [Time Adjustment]. Reselect the mobile device used to
match the time to as necessary.
177
Troubleshooting
