Window camera features
General issues
Refer to the following after checking the general troubleshooting information described in  “General
information”, Page 176.
The camera’s LED indicator is blinking in red.
R The camera is out of range of your wireless router.
→Confirm that your wireless router is powered on and wired correctly, and then move the camera
closer to your wireless router.
R A fan error occurred.
→Unplug the camera and then plug it in again.
If the problem is not resolved, contact an authorized service center.
Colors in camera images appear different from normal
R The camera is aimed at a dark location, or it is nighttime.
→If there is not adequate light to illuminate the subject, such as at night, the camera switches to night
vision mode. In this case, colors may appear different from normal.
Camera images are not displayed at first while away from home, and are displayed after some
time passes
R Your mobile device’s network connection is slow or congested.
→Wait for network traffic to decrease.
→Lower the [Frame Rate] setting ( “Changing the frame rate”, Page 112).
I have to wait a long time before camera images are displayed while away from home
R There is too much traffic on your home network or on the mobile device’s network.
→Wait for network traffic to decrease.
Camera images are not displayed, and [Loading...] is displayed for a long period when I try to
view camera images while away from home
R The protocol used for communication is not compatible with your network.
→Set the [Remote Access Mode] setting to [TCP] ( “Remote access mode settings”, Page 35).
The camera’s sensor is triggered too easily
R The camera’s motion detection features are too sensitive.
→Reduce the sensitivity of the camera’s sensors, see  “Motion sensitivity”, Page 104.
R The camera’s detection area is too large.
→Limit the detection area so that the camera ignores motion in unneeded areas of the camera’s
image, i.e., reduce the camera’s detection area ( “Detection area”, Page 103).
R Unwanted detections are made (from cars, etc.)
→Set the mode [Send Notifications] setting to [Person Only] ( “Once motion is detected”, Page 107).
A watermark is displayed on images
R A watermark is displayed on live and recorded images. It cannot be turned off.
189
Troubleshooting
