→Make sure the desired types of notifications are enabled.
For notifications sent from the shelf camera, floor camera, or window camera, see  “Notification
settings”, Page 115.
For notifications sent from the access point, see  “Notification settings”, Page 144.
For notifications sent from the HD camera, see  “[Notification Settings]”, Page 170.
R Your mobile device’s notifications feature is disabled for the [HomeHawk] app.
→Enable your mobile device’s notifications feature.
R Too many notifications were sent during this calendar month.
→If an excessive number of notifications (i.e., thousands of notifications) were sent during this
calendar month, an error message is displayed and no additional notifications can be received this
calendar month. Notifications will be received again when the new month starts.
R iPhone, iPad
Too many notifications were sent in a short amount of time.
→If many notifications are sent in a short time, in some cases only the last notification may be
received. This is a characteristic your mobile device’s notifications service.
Status notifications are received late
R Notifications are not received in real time; it may take some time for notifications to be received. This is
not a malfunction.
R Too many notifications were sent in a short amount of time.
→If many notifications are sent in a short time, notifications may be received late. This is a
characteristic your mobile device’s notifications service.
Shelf camera features
General issues
Refer to the following after checking the general troubleshooting information described in  “General
information”, Page 176.
The camera’s LED indicator is blinking in red.
R The camera is out of range of your wireless router.
→Confirm that your wireless router is powered on and wired correctly, and then move the camera
closer to your wireless router.
No sound is heard in camera recordings
R If 
 is displayed next to the recording in the recording list, the system is configured to not record
audio when recording camera images.
→Change the [Recording with Sound] setting ( “Recording with sound (shelf cameras and floor
cameras only)”, Page 110).
R The volume is turned down on your mobile device.
→Adjust the volume of your mobile device.
Colors in camera images appear different from normal
R The camera is aimed at a dark location, or it is nighttime.
→If there is not adequate light to illuminate the subject, such as at night, the camera switches to night
vision mode depending on the settings ( “Using night vision (shelf cameras and floor cameras only)”,
Page 111). In this case, colors may appear different from normal.
181
Troubleshooting
