Camera images are not displayed, and [Loading...] is displayed for a long period when I try to
view camera images while away from home
R The protocol used for communication is not compatible with your network.
→Set the [Remote Access Mode] setting to [TCP] ( “Remote access mode settings”, Page 35).
The Automatic Mode Switching feature does not work even though the geo-fencing feature is
enabled.
R Your mobile device may have failed to communicate with your camera. The mode may not switch
automatically in the following situations.
– your mobile device and/or your camera do not have good network conditions
– your mobile device’s battery does not have adequate charge remaining to use the Automatic Mode
Switching feature
→Start the [HomeHawk] app on your mobile device.
The camera’s sensor is triggered too easily
R The camera’s motion detection features are too sensitive.
→Reduce the sensitivity of the camera’s sensors, see  “Motion sensitivity”, Page 82.
R The camera’s detection area is too large.
→Limit the detection area so that the camera ignores motion in unneeded areas of the camera’s
image, i.e., reduce the camera’s detection area ( “Detection area”, Page 82).
[Ambient temperature is (too high) or (too low), camera operation will be interrupted.] is displayed
R The camera is used in an environment with a temperature that exceeds 40 °C (104 °F). Features such
as viewing images and recording images will not be available if the temperature exceeds 45 °C
(113 °F).
→Use the camera in an environment with temperatures below 40 °C (104 °F).
The light will not turn on or [Ambient temperature is too high, the lighting will be turned off.] is
displayed
R The temperature of the light has exceeded 105 °C (221 °F).
→Turn off the light using the app ( “Viewing the camera image/recording list screen”, Page 71) or on
the camera unit and wait for the light to cool down. The light will be able to be used once its
temperature goes below 95 °C (203 °F).
The displayed battery status is not updated or is incorrect
R The batteries were inserted or replaced with the AC adaptor connected to a wall outlet.
→Disconnect the AC adaptor from the wall outlet and then reconnect it again.
Note:
R When inserting or replacing batteries, disconnect the AC adaptor from the wall outlet before inserting
or replacing the batteries.
Initial setup by WPS
WPS
WPS is a function of wireless routers that is used to easily connect wireless devices to wireless routers. A
WPS button on a wireless router indicates that it has the WPS function. (Depending on the type of
wireless router, the WPS function may be disabled on the wireless router even if there is a WPS button.)
Initial setup can't be completed
186
Troubleshooting
