→Reduce the sensitivity of the camera’s sensors, see  “Motion sensitivity”, Page 139.
R The camera’s detection area is too large.
→Limit the detection area so that the camera ignores motion in unneeded areas of the camera’s
image, i.e., reduce the camera’s detection area ( “Detection area”, Page 139).
R The camera’s settings are not suited to the environment.
→Review the information in the Installation Guide included with your camera about sensor features
and installation environment.
→Front door cameras and outdoor cameras can detect motion visually (i.e., when an area of the
camera’s image changes brightness). For this reason, false detections may occur in the following
locations.
False detections caused by predictable movement in a specific area of the camera image
– Areas where fixed objects move in the wind, such as tree branches or hanging laundry
– Areas where animals move in a limited area, such as birds in a nest or small animals close to the
ground
– Areas where brightness significantly, such as when shadows form in the afternoon, lights turn on
at night, or vehicles pass by at night with their headlights or brake lights on
You can prevent these false detections by adjusting the position of the camera, by limiting the
detection area so that the camera ignores motion in unneeded areas of the camera’s image
( “Detection area”, Page 139) or lowering the sensitivity of sensors ( “Motion sensitivity”, Page 139).
False detections caused by unpredictable movement in any area of the camera image
– Areas where birds or flying insects move in front of the camera
– Areas where rain, snow, hail, or tree leaves fall in front of the camera
You can prevent these false detections by adjusting the position of the camera or lowering the
sensitivity of sensors ( “Motion sensitivity”, Page 139).
[Ambient temperature is (too high) or (too low), camera operation will be interrupted.] is displayed
R The camera is used in an environment with a temperature that exceeds -20 °C or 50 °C (-4 °F to
122 °F).
→Use the camera in an environment with temperatures within -20 °C to 50 °C (-4 °F to 122 °F).
HD camera sensor features
Refer to the following after checking the general troubleshooting information described in  “General
information”, Page 176.
Notifications are not received
R The desired notification type is not enabled.
→Enable the desired notification type ( “[Notification Settings]”, Page 170).
R The camera’s date and time setting is incorrect.
→Adjust the date and time setting ( “HD camera device profiles”, Page 171).
Sensor detections are not displayed in the sensor history
R The desired feature is not enabled.
→Make sure the desired feature is enabled and configured as desired ( “Temperature sensor”,
Page 164,  “Sound sensor”, Page 164).
R The camera’s date and time setting is incorrect.
→Adjust the date and time setting ( “HD camera device profiles”, Page 171).
Colors in camera images appear different from normal
R The camera is aimed at a dark location, or it is nighttime.
→If there is not adequate light to illuminate the subject, such as at night, the camera switches to night
vision mode depending on the settings ( “Night vision mode”, Page 167). In this case, colors may
appear different from normal.
193
Troubleshooting
