Talking to the camera
To use your mobile device’s microphone and the camera’s built-in speaker to talk to someone where the
camera is installed, see  “Talking to the camera”, Page 128.
Viewing images in dual view
While viewing images from a camera you can split the screen and display 2 images from the same
camera (dual view). While viewing images in dual view, the bottom image can be zoomed in on (the area
zoomed in on is shown in a white box in the top image). This is convenient when you want to zoom in
and focus in on 1 part of an image (e.g., where packages are left on your porch) while viewing the entire
image to check for people approaching your house, etc.
You can switch between single view (displaying only 1 image) and dual view by tapping 
.
Dual images with horizontal viewing
Dual images can also be displayed when your mobile device is displaying camera images horizontally.
You can move the sub-image by tapping and holding it and then selecting where it will be displayed. The
sub-image can be displayed in the 4 corners of an image.
Recording camera images (manual recording)
You can record camera images while viewing live camera images. Camera recordings are saved on the
access point’s SD card.
1
View live images from the desired camera.
2
Tap 
 to start recording.
R Recordings include both audio and video. To disable audio recording, see  “Recording with
sound”, Page 137.
3
Tap 
 to stop recording.
Note:
R The maximum recording time is 2 minutes.
R If [Recording Error (Memory full)] is displayed, the access point’s SD card is full and new recordings
cannot be saved. Erase unneeded recordings (see  “Erasing recordings”, Page 130).
R For information about SD cards and how recordings are saved, see  “Access point SD cards”,
Page 147.
Taking snapshots
You can save snapshots (i.e., still images) while viewing live camera images. Snapshots are saved in
your mobile device’s default photo album app.
1
View live images from the desired camera.
2
Tap 
.
Note:
R Snapshot sizes are scaled to fit the width of your mobile device’s display.
R iPhone, iPad
Snapshots are saved as JPEG files in your mobile device’s “Photos” app.
127
Using a front door camera and outdoor camera
