Confirm the following before you begin.
– Make sure you have completed the initial setup procedure ( “Initial setup”, Page 119)
– Make sure your mobile device can connect to the Internet
– Make sure your wireless router and the access point are turned on
– Make sure your mobile device and the access point are connected to the same wireless router
1
Start the [HomeHawk] app by tapping its icon (shown below).
R The end-user license agreement is displayed the first time you start the app.
R Confirm all of the displayed permission screens and agree as necessary.
R Select your country or region if displayed, and then tap [Next].
2
Tap [FRONT DOOR Camera Kit ( + OUTDOOR Cameras )].
3
Tap [Connect to Existing].
4
Follow the on-screen instructions and confirm the access point’s LED indicator’s color.
R If the access point’s LED indicator lights in green, tap the green lit icon, and then go to step 5.
R If the access point’s LED indicator blinks in yellow (amber), tap the yellow (amber) blinking icon,
and then connect the Ethernet cable between the access point and router. Next, follow the
on-screen instructions, wait for a while, and then check the color of the LED lights again.
R If the access point’s LED indicator blinks in green, tap the blinking green icon, check if DHCP
(Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) is operating for the router (refer to the operating
instructions included with your router or contact your Internet service provider), and then tap
[Done].
5
When prompted, press the SETUP button on the access point.
6
When prompted, enter the password used to log in to the access point and then tap [Next].
7
When prompted, enter a name for your mobile device, and then tap [OK].
R The mobile device name setting is used by the access point and other system users to identify
your mobile device. This is useful when performing certain operations, such as deregistering.
8
Follow the on-screen instructions and tap [Next].
9
When [Congrats!] is displayed, tap [Explore HomeHawk].
R The app’s home screen is displayed when initial setup is completed.
121
Using a front door camera and outdoor camera
