Setting up devices
Refer to the following for information on setting up your device.
– Shelf cameras:
“Shelf camera setup (overview)”, Page 45
– Floor cameras:
“Floor camera setup (overview)”, Page 67
– Window cameras:
“Window camera setup (overview)”, Page 90
– Access points, front door cameras, and outdoor cameras:
“Front door camera and outdoor camera setup (overview)”, Page 119
– HD cameras:
“HD camera setup (overview)”, Page 148
App basics
App basics (overview)
To begin, simply start the [HomeHawk] app on your mobile device by tapping its icon (shown below).
To prevent unauthorized access to your devices, you may need to enter a system password. Whether or
not you need to enter the system password depends on how your mobile device is connecting to your
devices, as explained below.
Accessing while at home
If your mobile device is connected to the same wireless network as your devices, you do not need to
enter the system password when connecting to your devices. This is because it is assumed that in this
situation, anyone in your home who is using your mobile device is authorized to access your devices.
Note that even when you are at home, you will need to enter the system password if your mobile device
is not connected to the same wireless network as your devices. This could occur if your mobile device is
connected to the Internet using its mobile network connection instead of your wireless network, or if your
mobile device is connected to a different wireless network.
Accessing while away from home
If your mobile device is not connected to the same wireless network as your devices, including situations
when you are away from home, you will need to enter the system password when connecting to your
devices. This is to prevent someone from using your mobile device to access your devices in the event
that you lose your mobile device while away from home, for example.
Note:
R The password is set during initial setup.
– Shelf cameras:
“Shelf camera setup (overview)”, Page 45
– Floor cameras:
“Floor camera setup (overview)”, Page 67
21
Getting started with the HomeHawk!
