– Window cameras:
“Window camera setup (overview)”, Page 90
– Access points, front door cameras, and outdoor cameras:
“Front door camera and outdoor camera setup (overview)”, Page 119
– HD cameras:
“HD camera setup (overview)”, Page 148
R You can change the password if necessary.
– Shelf cameras, floor cameras, and window cameras:
“Login settings”, Page 116
– Access points, front door cameras, and outdoor cameras:
“Login settings”, Page 144
– HD cameras:
“[Automatic Login]”, Page 169
R If the app disconnects from your devices while away from home (such as when you turn your mobile
device’s screen off and then on, or you switch to another app and then return to the [HomeHawk]
app), the app’s home screen will be displayed instead of the last screen you were viewing. Also note
that in this case, it may take some time for the app’s screen to be displayed.
Automatic login
When entering the login password, you can enable the automatic login feature by turning on the
[Automatic Login (for remote access)] checkbox. In this case, the password that you enter will be
saved, allowing the [HomeHawk] app to connect to your devices automatically.
Note:
R You can turn this feature on and off later if desired.
– Shelf cameras, floor cameras, and window cameras:
“Login settings”, Page 116
– Access points, front door cameras, and outdoor cameras:
“Login settings”, Page 144
– HD cameras:
“Login password”, Page 170
Important:
R Turning on this feature could allow unauthorized parties to access your devices if they are using your
mobile device.
Privacy information
Certain features of the app function by accessing your mobile device’s hardware, such as the
microphone, or the information stored in your mobile device. While using the app, a dialog may be
displayed that asks whether you want to allow the app to access these features of your mobile device.
You can change this setting later if desired in the privacy section of your mobile device’s [Settings] app.
R Please note the following for location information and geo-fencing features.
– Access to location information is required to obtain wireless LAN information and location
information for use with the geo-fencing feature.
– If a dialog is displayed requesting access to location information, allow access.
– When using the geo-fencing feature, set access to location information to always allow.
Using the home screen
The [HomeHawk] app home screen is displayed when you start the app.
22
Getting started with the HomeHawk!
