There is a long delay when talking to the camera while away from home
R Your mobile device’s network connection is slow or congested.
→Wait for network traffic to decrease.
→Lower the [Frame Rate] setting ( “Changing the frame rate”, Page 112).
Images are poor at night when the camera is installed in front of a window
R Night vision mode is causing images to have poor quality.
→Turn off night vision mode ( “Using night vision (shelf cameras and floor cameras only)”, Page 111).
Camera images are not displayed at first while away from home, and are displayed after some
time passes
R Your mobile device’s network connection is slow or congested.
→Wait for network traffic to decrease.
→Lower the [Frame Rate] setting ( “Changing the frame rate”, Page 112).
I have to wait a long time before camera images are displayed while away from home
R There is too much traffic on your home network or on the mobile device’s network.
→Wait for network traffic to decrease.
Camera images are not displayed, and [Loading...] is displayed for a long period when I try to
view camera images while away from home
R The protocol used for communication is not compatible with your network.
→Set the [Remote Access Mode] setting to [TCP] ( “Remote access mode settings”, Page 35).
The Automatic Mode Switching feature does not work even though the geo-fencing feature is
enabled.
R Your mobile device may have failed to communicate with your camera. The mode may not switch
automatically in the following situations.
– your mobile device and/or your camera do not have good network conditions
– your mobile device’s battery does not have adequate charge remaining to use the Automatic Mode
Switching feature
→Start the [HomeHawk] app on your mobile device.
The camera’s sensor is triggered too easily
R The camera’s motion detection features are too sensitive.
→Reduce the sensitivity of the camera’s sensors, see  “Motion sensitivity”, Page 59.
R The camera’s detection area is too large.
→Limit the detection area so that the camera ignores motion in unneeded areas of the camera’s
image, i.e., reduce the camera’s detection area ( “Detection area”, Page 59).
[Ambient temperature is (too high) or (too low), camera operation will be interrupted.] is displayed
R The camera is used in an environment with a temperature that exceeds 40 °C (104 °F). Features such
as viewing images and recording images will not be available if the temperature exceeds 45 °C
(113 °F).
→Use the camera in an environment with temperatures below 40 °C (104 °F).
Initial setup by WPS
WPS
WPS is a function of wireless routers that is used to easily connect wireless devices to wireless routers. A
WPS button on a wireless router indicates that it has the WPS function. (Depending on the type of
wireless router, the WPS function may be disabled on the wireless router even if there is a WPS button.)
182
Troubleshooting
