I
Takes snapshots
( “Taking snapshots”, Page 98)
J
Hides/displays the buttons on the bottom of
the screen
Tap 
 to hide the buttons and 
 to
display the buttons.
Note:
R Multiple mobile devices can view live images from the same camera at the same time ( “Accessing
from multiple mobile devices”, Page 26). However, only one mobile device can use certain features at
a time (recording, etc.).
R When connected away from home, 
 or 
 is displayed next to the camera’s name. See
“Connection mode when away from home”, Page 24 for more information.
R When displaying images while away from home, the app will disconnect from the camera after a
certain period of time in some conditions. This is to minimize data usage. If you are disconnected
automatically, a dialog is displayed asking if you want to connect to the camera again. The time out
period cannot be changed.
Viewing images horizontally
By turning your mobile device on its side, you can display camera images horizontally.
When viewing images horizontally, icons for operating the camera (e.g., recording, etc.) are not
displayed. To display these icons, tap anywhere on the camera image.
Zooming in and out
Pinch in and out on the camera image while viewing live images from a camera. While zoomed in, you
can swipe your finger on the camera image to display a different area of the image.
Night vision
If there is not adequate light to illuminate the subject, such as at night, the camera switches to night
vision mode.
Recording camera images
To record camera images manually, see  “Recording camera images (manual recording)”, Page 97.
To record images automatically when a sensor is triggered, see  “Window camera mode settings
(overview)”, Page 106. To record images 24/7, see  “Preset modes”, Page 106.
Taking snapshots
To save snapshots (i.e., still images) while viewing live camera images, see  “Taking snapshots”,
Page 98.
Displaying/hiding rectangles for motion detection
You can display or hide rectangles on the screen that indicate where motion was detected on the screen.
Note:
R When rectangles are displayed on the screen, recorded images of the screen will also show the
rectangles.
Recording camera images (manual recording)
You can record camera images while viewing live camera images. Camera recordings are saved on the
camera’s SD card.
97
Using a shelf, floor, and window camera
