Initial setup
I cannot perform initial setup
R Your mobile device is connecting to a different wireless router during the initial setup procedure.
→If your mobile device can connect to other nearby wireless routers, we recommend you turn them off
or “forget” their settings while performing initial setup.
Connecting from your mobile device
Refer to the following after checking the general troubleshooting information described in  “General
information”, Page 176.
The connection is slow or disconnects while away from home
R There is too much traffic on your home network or on the mobile device’s network.
→Wait for network traffic to decrease.
My mobile device is remotely connected to my devices (
 or 
 is displayed) even while at
home
R Your mobile device's location information feature is disabled, or access to the location information is
denied to the [HomeHawk] app.
→To obtain the SSID of your home's wireless network, access to your mobile device's location
information is required. On your mobile device, enable the location information feature and allow
access to the location information for the [HomeHawk] app.
I cannot connect to my devices
R You replaced your wireless router with a new router, or changed your wireless router’s SSID (i.e.,
wireless network name) or password.
→Your mobile device may have old SSID information. Delete the SSID information in [Home Wireless
Network SSID] (shelf cameras/floor cameras/window cameras:  “Home wireless network SSID
features”, Page 117, HD cameras:  “Deleting wireless access points”, Page 172).
→Deregister the shelf camera, floor camera, or window camera from your mobile device
( “Deregistering devices”, Page 41), and then register it again ( “Registering devices”, Page 33).
→Deregister the HD camera from your mobile device ( “Deregistering devices”, Page 41), and then
register it again ( “Registering devices”, Page 33).
R Your wireless router at home is connected to another router.
→If your wireless router is connected to another router, make sure your network is configured so that
your mobile device and your device can communicate over your home network. We recommend
making sure the DHCP feature of only one router is enabled and setting the other routers to “access
point mode” or “bridge mode”.
I cannot connect while away from home
R You are using a public wireless network.
→Network traffic, network conditions, and the network provider’s settings or policies may prevent the
connection. Use a private wireless network or your mobile network service provider’s wireless
network (3G, 4G, etc.).
Sometimes I cannot connect while at home
R There is too much traffic on your home network.
→Wait for network traffic to decrease.
→Refer to the operating instructions included with your wireless router for other possible solutions.
R Your mobile device is discovering too many nearby wireless networks.
179
Troubleshooting
