Important:
R Some mobile devices may become hot when viewing HD camera images continuously for long periods
of time. If your mobile device becomes too hot, stop viewing HD camera images and wait for the
mobile device to cool down.
Turning the camera audio on and off
Slide the switch to the desired position while viewing live images from a single camera.
: Camera audio will be heard
: Camera audio will not be heard
Zooming in and out
Pinch in and out on the camera image while viewing live images from a single camera. While zoomed in,
you can swipe your finger on the camera image to display a different area of the image.
Using night vision
If there is not adequate light to illuminate the subject, such as at night, the camera switches to night
vision mode depending on the settings ( “Night vision mode”, Page 167). When night vision mode is
active, colors may appear different from normal.
HD camera viewing options
The following items are available in the options menu (see  “Displaying the options menu”, Page 151)
while viewing live images from a single camera.
– [Settings]
Allows you to adjust settings for the selected camera.
– [Smart Recording]
Allows you to create and edit smart recording scenarios. See  “Smart recording features (overview)”,
Page 161.
– [Camera Speaker Volume]
Allows you to adjust the selected camera’s speaker volume.
– [Set Thumbnail]
Allows you to set the preview image for the selected camera that is displayed in the camera list. See
“Thumbnail image”, Page 168.
– [Sensor Log]
Displays a log of previous motion detection, sound alert, and temperature alert detections for the
selected camera. See  “Viewing HD camera sensor history”, Page 163.
– [Firmware Update]
Allows you to update the firmware for the selected camera. See  “Updating the HD camera’s firmware”,
Page 172.
– [Version]
Displays information about the selected camera’s firmware and about the app installed on your mobile
device.
Recording HD camera images
To record camera images manually, see  “Recording HD camera images (manual recording)”, Page 156.
To record images automatically according to a schedule, see  “Creating a scenario that uses a schedule
as the trigger”, Page 161.
To record images automatically when a sensor is triggered, see  “Creating a scenario that uses a sensor
as the trigger”, Page 162.
Taking snapshots
To save snapshots (i.e., still images) while viewing live camera images, see  “Taking snapshots”,
Page 155.
154
Using an HD camera
